Now let's add the routing test for the just so opening up component just as so adding a new describe
block here and this is for login and the test is it redirects to home page after successful login.
So again, I will have the setup copied from the login component.
Right here we have the setup.
Just copying this one pasting here.
And this is calling a setup.
But the setup we have here is.
Right here it is taking apart and the page will be uh initially opening the login page.
So we are opening the login page in the setup, querying the email and password fields, filling those
and having a reference to the button.
Now in this test we will call setup form.
Then we are going to click to the button user event, click button.
Then this is going to be handling the navigation.
So we are going to wait for home page to be visible and we get it by find by a test ID and it is home
page and we expect this home page to be in the document.
But before saving this test, let's make sure we have corresponding handler here for the authentication.
So in app component, we didn't handle the the logging cases so far, so there is no rest handler.
Let's add that one rest post.
The request will go to the API one zero ODE and let's just return a success response from this one.
Response context status is 200 and let's return a JSON and return the ID as one and username as a user
one.
So this is the end point and is returning this data for the success case.
And let's save this.
And it as our passing.